GamerSense v0.4.18 - live spike capture and tentative category review

GET STARTED
Stop the older app. Extract the entire App ZIP into a NEW folder and open
GamerSense.exe. Requires the .NET 9 Desktop Runtime, as before.
Your saved input/output devices, playback mode and export folder are kept.
Keep your clean Direct cable capture setup: game audio to CABLE Input;
GamerSense recording input CABLE Output; true output Speakers (C6).
Source ZIP: .NET 9 SDK; run the unchanged BUILD-DEBUG.bat.

LIVE MONITORING
1. Open Captured sounds and leave Capture spikes automatically checked.
2. Start GamerSense and play. Loud peaks and sudden level rises are flagged.
   A frozen native WAV with approximately 2 seconds before / 3 after each
   event is saved in the temporary library. Allow post-event audio to arrive.
   Stop retains available shorter tails. Automatic triggers have a 2-second
   cooldown; this is activity monitoring, not a detector of every sound.
3. Background analysis compares short windows near each spike with the
   combined internal profiles updated with AC2 approvals, then stores an UNVERIFIED category suggestion
   and alternatives with the clip. This includes building / repair suggestions and the latest reviewed examples and
   external-source learning package. The old experimental Wardogs checkbox
   and wording have been removed. Suggestions run internally for captures.
4. Watch the captured count and processing status; F8 still marks manually.
   Lower the loud-peak threshold for more sensitivity, raise it for fewer
   peak triggers. Sudden level-rise triggers still operate independently.

REVIEW AFTER PLAYING
Stop playback, then open Captured sounds. Select a pending clip.
Replay range plays it through your selected output. Repeat selection loops.
The proposed category loads in the label dropdown. Close alternatives use
mixed / uncertain. Missing/unsupported models or quiet inputs remain manual.
These are similarity suggestions, not calibrated confidence or verified
sound identities; overlap may produce the wrong category.

Focus spike selects the analyzed area. Drag the waveform or gold handles,
or edit start/end seconds, to include the sound onset and tail. Whole clip
restores all context. Focus and waveform selection never isolate a source.
Correct the label and add notes about overlap, distance or sound type.
Valid label, notes and selection edits save automatically while pending;
switching clips or closing the app also saves valid edits.

Approve & export writes ONLY your selection as native WAV + verified label
JSON to Documents\GamerSense\ApprovedClips (or your remembered export folder),
then removes the temporary item. Approval means a useful training example.
The label retains the original automatic suggestion and your correction.
Delete clip removes unwanted pending samples after confirmation.
Delete all pending clips confirms the count before removing the current
pending WAV + label pairs, including edited clips. No is selected by default.
Approved exports and captures arriving after the prompt opened are kept.
Open WAV for review still lets you refine AC1 exports without changing the
original files. Imported review creates a new export pair.

STORAGE AND LEARNING
Unreviewed clips expire ONE HOUR after capture, including while stopped.
At the 2 GB temporary audio budget, new saves pause until space is available.
Review promptly after a game; approved exports are permanent outside this
temporary library. Saved corrections are future training data. This release
does not retrain itself or learn from unapproved machine guesses.
No automatic attenuation, category volume controls or source separation is
enabled. The live playback callback, output implementation and timing
profiles are preserved; classification runs on the bounded disk worker.

VALIDATION
Debug and Release builds: zero errors/warnings. Audio, capture, analysis,
storage, export and range checks passed, including automatic spike -> saved
suggestion, unknown fallback, unchanged native samples, bounded background
processing, correction persistence and approval provenance. UI checks passed
for proposed labels, edits, waveform selection, repeat and selected export.
Real-game classification usefulness and device listening need your test.

Source checks:
dotnet run --project tests/AnalyzerChecks/AnalyzerChecks.csproj
dotnet run --project tests/ReviewUiChecks/ReviewUiChecks.csproj
